So let's not create our product schema here.
Now besides the schema of also create a so-called model D schema is basically the blueprint for our
product and the model it builds up on the blueprint and then allows us to really use that schema in
our project but would see the step by step now.
Therefore I refer to both schema and model as well kind of interchangeable here.
What does a product look like in the end.
Well if we go through Mongo s file we can seed up here already.
We have a pretty simple product.
We only need a name and a price in the end therefore let's not create this schema for our product.
And typically you create a new folder named models for example.
And in this folder we now create our file for our product schema and therefore naming it product J.S.
file is probably not the first decision here now to create the schema.
We need to import Mongoose first so we create a new constant named Mongoose and d require syntax and
people require Mongols here.
So with that package imported now we want to create the schema for that we create another constant maybe
named product schema here and this constant now refers to the imported Mongoose package and here to
these schema method important with a capital S here.
Now it turns out that this schema method here is a construct a function.
Therefore if we add new right here we can pass in a javascript object and this object then defines the
structure of a newly created product and therefore off the document that we want to store.
Now we saw that the product contains two properties the name and the price.
So let's start with the name here and in its simplest form now we can all simply add a string for example
to define it.
Our name should be well a string but Mongoose actually gives us more power than this.
We can pass in a javascript object here and now say that it should be of type String and we can also
pass an additional properties for example you required property and set this to true.
This will simply mean that we have to provide the name here and you actually got more properties you
can add to a schema you can find this here in the official Mongoose stocks if you click onto a read
the docs here you get a nice general introduction to the old schema topic here and if you click on schema
types and scroll down a bit then you'll see all schema types here.
Here we use require you cannot use default and so on so you can dive deeper at this point if you want
to.
But for our purposes this should be fine.
So let's now define also the private property again we pass in a javascript object this time not of
type String No.
But this should be a number and it should also be required.
So this is our schema already but as I said before to be able to use the schema which Indian is the
blueprint for a document a product we want to create we need to add a model based on the schema of the
model we can then use the schema in our app in the end.
To do that we again refer to our Mongoose package here.
But this time we use the modern function here.
The model function requires two arguments.
The first argument is the name of the schema.
But in our case product would be a fitting name by the way when we used this model.
This would also become the name of the collection without the capital starting character though and
the plural form so our collection will be called products then which was kind of a ring name.
And the second argument should refer to the name of the schema that we created.
And as we also want to use this model in other files we will create a mongoose J.S. fight in the next
lecture.
We also have to export it with the export syntax so module dot exports is equal to our Mongoose model.
So this is our model and let's not see how we can use this to create a new product.